In previous videos I read these blog entries in the in the bottom of the page and this is a great marketing
tool especially if you have a small business you can create some guides for example you can also review
some products or wake up three and three right here and that's up and isn't going to click on real Pridmore
and let's say that we have this blog entry we are describing the one of the pros that we're settling
in on the bottom.
I want to have our related products section.
So let's say for example that we write an entry about the everything that you need to create your own
spa at home and at the bottom we can have their related products this way the readers of the Web site
will find the exact products and they come by the products that we're showing in this entry.
So if it isn't and I click don't on the post and you can see for example that there is no field to relate
content right here.
But if you open custom fields you would see that we have some options to our related products.
So we're going to blog right here.
And again I'm going to change this to a standard metal box especially our personal preference then we're
going to show this some the pasta that is equal to both.
That's fine.
And then we're going to click here on that field.
And I don't actually have a name related brogues So we have the name and if you click it on the field
you can see that we have a relation and so you can add a page link.
You can also link to post object relationship and taxonomy or usage.
So for example this part ballsed object from Ontario have their boss type.
For example you can select the brokes that brother and I'm going to give you false and I'm going to
update these bullies these then get rid of these.
So here on the wall and you can see that we kept blocking we have related problems.
And from here you can see that we have the card and asked by the guide and you can select the other
brokes.
There is a second field you can click on it.
We're going to change these relationship.
I think this one works better for these example.
And we're going to change the format to post ideas and we're going to the post I broke.
So everything is fine and then go up the DS and reload the blog entry and this is a nice interface you
can see that we have the pros on the left and we can for example select one of these.
Here you can see that we have this plus and you can leg is going to read the really red arrows.
So let's say that we are these curliness bad guys.
And then we had these come get.
So we have two related products and it's of the Diest
and there's a front and we're going to click it on.
Simple show hooks to find the exit Huq where we're going to bring these related products or we're going
to scroll down the road and raise that we have in store for one single post bottom.
So we're going to use these when copy these.
Or maybe this is from post-Clinton afternoon you can see these when it's inside the container and this
one so also I would say we're going to copy these.
This is going to be a better place and I find the function scroll to the bottom.
And we're going to add a comment call related products MBLAQ.
So we're going to write the ones from Caterina's blah blah underscore law and related products in what
are going to have an action or inaction or action with Bozza and then with as a function does what does
it mean we're going to add a default which is then Echo products here.
And save these up in the front and then reload and then you can see we have.
Skin you're going to stop showing kooks.
And then we have products.
So the next video we're going to finish this function to bring in there with airdromes in the blog entry
is.